#labels Featured
Version 0.9.7 - _Released 01/28/2010_
  * Added html form element type
  * Corrected cross site scripting vulnerabilities in example files.
  * Corrected several xhtml discrepancies.
  * Converted all php shorthand open tags (<?) to full open tags (<?php).

Version 0.9.8 - _Released 01/30/2010_
  * Replaced Animated GIF Captcha with reCAPTCHA
  * Corrected syntax issue in web editor js section.
  * Corrected several more xhtml discrepancies.
  * Added optional parameter to render() function for returning string instead of echoing html content
  * 02/13/2010 - Corrected several more xhtml discrepancies.
  * 02/15/2010 - Found and correct a bug occurring when using the setReferenceValues method.  Special thanks to saleh.alghamdi for bringing this issue to my attention.
  * 02/16/2010 - Updated example files adding title tags as well as correcting a few wording issues.
  * 02/20/2010 - Changed radio button form element type.  Previously, one radio button in each radio button group was checked by default making the required attribute irrelevant.  Now, no radio buttons will be checked by default if no value is pass to the addRadio method.  This change also affects the truefalse and yesno form element types as they both ultimately use the radio element.
  * 02/24/2010 - reCAPTCHA public and private keys can now be specified to reduce security issues.  Special thanks to moncojhr for bringing this issue to my attention.
  * 02/24/2010 - Found and corrected bug related to preHTML attribute.  Previously, this attribute would only be rendered if a form element label was supplied.

Version 0.9.9 - _Released 02/02/2010_
  * 03/02/2010 - Added jQuery color picker field
  * 03/02/2010 - Several minor enhancements inside class.form.php
  * 03/02/2010 - Minor cosmetic tweaks to tooltips.
  * 03/02/2010 - Added jqueryDateFormat form attribute which allows developers to control the formatting of dates returned by the date and daterange fields.

Version 1.0.0 - _Released 02/04/2010_
  * 03/04/2010 - Added CKEditor web editor field courtesy of moncojhr
  * 03/04/2010 - Found and corrected bug related to setting initial form field's focus
  * 03/07/2010 - Found and corrected javascript error in focus setting section
  * 03/07/2010 - Added hint element attribute (example coming in near future)
  * 03/08/2010 - Updated to Google Maps API v3 (no longer need API key parameter)
  * 03/09/2010 - Corrected php notice message in latlng form element
  * 03/09/2010 - Corrected bug within hint functionality

Version 1.0.1 - _Released 03/17/2010_
  * 03/10/2010 - Replaced/combined checkForm() and captchaIsValid() function into one function - validate()
  * 03/12/2010 - Fixed bug with rating element occurring during javascript validation
  * 03/12/2010 - Added errorMsgFormat form attribute for customizing js/php error messages
  * 03/12/2010 - Added latlngDefaultLocation form attribute for controlling where the marker is placed on the google map initially - with no value assigned
  * 03/17/2010 - Updated examples to accomodate version change
  * 03/17/2010 - Remove some unneeded files from ckeditor directory
  * 03/17/2010 - Updated tooltip icon image
  * 03/19/2010 - Fixed IE bug with tooltips
  * 03/19/2010 - Fixed IE bug with rating element
  * 03/21/2010 - Added Conditional Scenarios example

Version 1.0.2 - _Released 03/24/2010_
  * 03/22/2010 - Added includesRelativePath form attribute which combines/replaces jqueryPath, tinymcePath, ckeditorPath, and captchaPath
  * 03/22/2010 - Updated examples files to accomodate includesRelativePath attribute
  * 03/22/2010 - Removed path-attributes.php example file
  * 03/22/2010 - Added example file explaining includesRelativePath attribute
  * 03/23/2010 - Added email form element type w/validation
  * 03/23/2010 - Added email validation example
  * 03/23/2010 - Updated index.php to include various additions included in version 1.0.2
  * 03/24/2010 - Updated jquery sortable functionality to correct IE issue
  * 03/24/2010 - Added system requirements (PHP 5 or greater)
  * 03/26/2010 - Added ajaxPreCallback attribute w/newly added 3rd ajax example for demonstration purposes